terraform-provider: cleanup and improve docs (#2685)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/terraform-provider.md

Reviewer: nit: Can you format this file using [markdownlint](https://github.com/edgelesssys/wiki/blob/master/company/recommended_extensions.md#recommended-vs-code-extensions)?

# Use the Terraform provider
You can manage a Constellation cluster through Terraform.
<!-- TODO(elchead): check link during release -->
The provider is available through the [Terraform registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/edgelesssys/constellation/latest) and is released as part of Constellation releases. This page shows how to use the Constellation Terraform provider.

## Prerequisites
- a Linux / Mac operating system (ARM64/AMD64)
- a Terraform installation of version `v1.4.4` or above

## Quick setup

> The example shows how to set up a Constellation cluster with the default infrastructure and IAM setup. The IAM / infrastructure modules can be either consumed through a remote source (recommended) or local files. The latter requires downloading the submodules from `terraform-modules.zip` on the [Constellation release page](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases/latest) and placing them in the Terraform workspace directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example shows how to set up a Constellation cluster with the default infrastructure and IAM setup. You can either consume the IAM / infrastructure modules through a remote source (recommended) or local files. The latter requires downloading the submodules from `terraform-modules.zip` on the [Constellation release page](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases/latest) and placing them in the Terraform workspace directory.
```

1. Create a directory (workspace) for your Constellation cluster.
  ```bash
  mkdir constellation-workspace
  cd constellation-workspace
  ```

1. Create a `main.tf` file.
<!-- TODO: put file in repo to reuse in e2e test? -->
<!-- TODO(elchead): AB#3607 put correct examples -->

  <tabs groupId="csp">

  <tabItem value="azure" label="Azure">

  ```
  terraform {
  required_providers {
    constellation = {
      source  = "tbd/constellation"
      version = "2.13.0"
    }
  }
}

> data "constellation_attestation" "att" {

Reviewer 2: fix indentation (doc build currently fails because of this)

        disk_type     = "gp3"
        initial_count = 2
      }
    }
  }
  ```

  </tabItem>

  <tabItem value="gcp" label="GCP">

  ```
  module "gcp-constellation" {
    source = "https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases/download/<version>/terraform-module.zip//terraform-module/gcp-constellation" // replace <version> with a Constellation version, e.g., v2.13.0
    name    = "constell"
    project = "constell-proj" // replace with your project id
    service_account_id = "constid"
    zone    = "europe-west2-a"
    node_groups = {
      control_plane_default = {
        role          = "control-plane"
        zone          = "europe-west2-a"
        instance_type = "n2d-standard-4"
        disk_size     = 30
        disk_type     = "pd-ssd"
        initial_count = 3
      },
      worker_default = {
        role          = "worker"
        zone          = "europe-west2-a"
        instance_type = "n2d-standard-4"
        disk_size     = 30
        disk_type     = "pd-ssd"
        initial_count = 2
      }
    }
  }
  ```

  </tabItem>
  </tabs>

1. Initialize and apply the file.
  ```bash
  terraform init
  terraform apply
  ```

## Custom setup

> If you need custom infrastructure, you can download the Terraform module from the Constellation [GitHub releases](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases) and modify it.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we could have something like this, which would be 2 half-as-long sentences.

> If you need custom infrastructure, you can download the infrastructure / IAM Terraform modules for the respective CSP from the Constellation [GitHub releases](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases). These can then be modified / extended as per your requirements, while keeping the basic functionality intact.

## Cluster upgrades
:::tip
For general information on cluster upgrades, see [Upgrade your cluster](./upgrade.md).
:::

First update the version of the Constellation Terraform provider. If you explicitly set versions (e.g. `image_version` or `constellation_microservice_version`), make sure to update them. Refer to [version support](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/dev-docs/workflows/versions-support.md) for more information on the version support policy.
Regarding the infrastructure / IAM modules, using a [remote address as module source](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/sources#fetching-archives-over-http) as shown in [Quick setup](#quick-setup) is recommended because it simplifies the upgrade process. For [local paths as module source](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/sources#local-paths), you need to replace the local files with those from the [Constellation release](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases). Also look for potential breaking changes in the infrastructure setup in the release notes.

> The steps for applying the upgrade are as follows:

Author: moved all to enumeration

> 1. Update the `<version>` variable inside the `source` field of the infra / IAM module. If explicitly set, update the `constellation_microservice_version` and `image` fields of the `constellation_cluster` resource.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. If using the reference infrastructure / IAM modules, update the URL in the `source` field of the modules to the `terraform-module.zip` artifact URL for the upgrade target version found on the [release page](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases/latest). If using a custom infrastructure configuration, see the changes made in the reference modules since the upgrade's origin version and adjust your infrastructure configuration accordingly. If explicitly set, update the `constellation_microservice_version` and `image_version` fields of the Constellation Terraform provider's resources and data sources.
```

nit: Explaining in a little more detail here.

Also, the `<version>` variable is only there when initially copying the reference configuration from above, but not when upgrading a cluster.

> 2. Upgrade the Terraform module and provider dependencies and apply the Constellation upgrade.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Upgrade the Terraform module and provider dependencies and apply the targeted configuration.
```

## Prerequisites
- a Linux / Mac operating system (ARM64/AMD64)
- a Terraform installation of version `v1.4.4` or above

## Quick setup
This example shows how to set up a Constellation cluster with the reference IAM and infrastructure setup. This setup is also used when creating a Constellation cluster through the Constellation CLI. You can either consume the IAM / infrastructure modules through a remote source (recommended) or local files. The latter requires downloading the infrastructure and IAM modules for the corresponding CSP from `terraform-modules.zip` on the [Constellation release page](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/releases/latest) and placing them in the Terraform workspace directory.

1. Create a directory (workspace) for your Constellation cluster.
  ```bash
  mkdir constellation-workspace
  cd constellation-workspace
  ```

1. Create a `main.tf` file.
<!-- TODO(elchead): AB#3607 put correct examples -->

  <tabs groupId="csp">

  <tabItem value="azure" label="Azure">

> <!-- TODO(elchead): follow up PR with #2713 examples -->

Reviewer: npm won't build the site with these TODO tags in between the tabItems

:::

The steps for applying the upgrade are as follows:
1. Update the version constraint of the Constellation Terraform provider in the `required_providers` block in your Terraform configuration.
2. If you explicitly set any of the version attributes of the provider's resources and data sources (e.g. `image_version` or `constellation_microservice_version`), make sure to update them too. Refer to our [version support policy](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/dev-docs/workflows/versions-support.md) for more information on how each Constellation version and its dependencies are supported.
3. Update the IAM / infrastructure modules.
   - For [remote address as module source](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/sources#fetching-archives-over-http), update the version number inside the URL of the `source` field  of the infra / IAM module to the target version.
   - For [local paths as module source](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/modules/sources#local-paths), see the changes made in the reference modules since the upgrade's origin version and adjust your infrastructure configuration accordingly.

> 4. If explicitly set, update the `constellation_microservice_version` and `image_version` fields of the Constellation Terraform provider's resources and data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is already explained in step 2
